ES6 Modules lesson : Add youtube link to understand modules (#24444)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/es6_modules.md

Using this pattern gives you the freedom to only import the functions you need in the various files of your program. So it's perfectly fine to only import `functionOne` if that's the only one you need.

The various import/export methods are best explained in the docs that we linked earlier - [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) and [export](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export).

> [This video](https://youtu.be/cRHQNNcYf6s) can be helpful to understand import and export.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion and improved link text:

```suggestion
Additionally, you can checkout this [video on JavaScript ES6 Modules](https://youtu.be/cRHQNNcYf6s) to understand import and export.
```
